[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're putting the phantasm saga arrest
with 2016's Ravager does it provide a
satisfying conclusion to the story let's
get to it and find out
we opened on Reggie wandering the
wastelands of a dimension possibly the
original but his narrative voice seems
unsure he provides a tall man's specific
series recap and then we find out he's
been wandering in salvaging looking for
whatever's been left behind in the tall
man's path of destruction in this case a
handy knapsack he's confronted in the
road by a tough talker who seems short
on bravado when actually confronted he
offers Reggie arrived in exchange for
cash and Reggie pulls a quick mind game
stating he had a CUDA just like this one
but it had a gun stashed in the console
his driver goes for it revealing he
knows he's in borrowed property and
giving Reggie an opening to get the drop
on him and kick him out he makes him
strip first but it's all good he's not
embarrassed for too long the ensuing
chase involves a lot of driving blind
shooting in the desecration of a corpse
however right when he gets the upper
hand he wakes up in Shady Oaks
retirement home for the criminally
insane Mike is there but he has no
knowledge at the tall man and in their
conversation drops a dementia diagnosis
on him in the interest of keeping his
mind active he allows Reggie to tell his
story which starts at his chance meeting
with dawn in need of help on the side of
the road Reggie wins her over with a
classic move shared by Pennywise the
clown and every other sexual predator hi
I'm Reggie strangers anymore they arrive
at her family farmhouse occupied by her
in the farmhand to meet her they spend
the evening strumming and discussing the
tall man as per the usual dawn turns in
for the night while Reggie composes a
masterpiece in her honor outside we see
the tall man is watching them as they
sleep
Reggie wakes up full of vim and vinegar
and is so taken in with the atmosphere
that he asks dawn if he could stick
around for a bit but gets no response
when he goes to check on her he comes
upon a familiar scene at least we now
know she's not a spy for the tall man
Reggie runs out to grab every weapon he
has then demonstrates that aging is a
[ __ ] as the orbit rips him up with a
simple tap on the back he squeezes off a
few rounds before hiding in the barn and
stumbling upon Demeter they're unable to
communicate due to a language barrier
preventing Reggie from revealing the
grim fate of Demeter's noble horse his
lover and primary means of conveyance
when Big D is up to bat he makes a count
but gets caught on the rebound
Reggie then finds him
back at the home where Mike patronizes
him with abstract talk of the multiverse
but Reggie is living it damn it Reggie
finds himself back on the hunt and to a
doorway but then wakes up at the home
again aggravated by the lack of
chocolate pudding he eventually
rediscovers the doorway and walks
through finding himself in a white space
with the tall man the tall man makes him
an offer Reggie can have his family back
if he stops meddling but Mike is part of
the unfolding plan so he's off the table
Reggie retreats through the doorway to
think it over and finds himself in a
funeral home where he's confronted by
the seductress from the first movie but
she was the tall man and he and the
Tommie I just made truce and she stabbed
him before ah problem solved I suppose
Reggie goes down this newly-formed
indoor cavern and is treated to some
classic dwarf shenanigans before he gets
to bust him then the walls dissipate and
the tall man his back dang my dude give
him some time Reggie rejects the offer
and since tall man is done with funsies
he red pills Reggie into some sort of
dirty torture chamber he's released by a
group of anarchists one being Jane a
doppelganger of dawn who doesn't know
Reggie in this dimension they make their
way out but Reggie gets a little
distracted and resulting in a dwarf
fight and a fairly lucky shot when they
finally group up we see their leader as
Mike and he remembers Reggie there in
the world from the last film ten years
later with Reggie having spent that time
in a cryo chamber he tries to prepare
Reggie for the state of the world
revealing an unending hellscape that
would probably be best for Reggie to
skip over so he does now he's on a
roller coaster of dimensional sliding
wandering around before waking up back
in hell the added confusion causes him
to require a little more attention
putting everyone at risk he starts to
flip out but Mike tries to bring him
back by revealing he had a dream about
his own time after oblivion spent
wandering the desert while the tall man
moved beyond the rural taking down
cities with giant orbs and biological
warfare the story ends in the hellscape
were Reggie decides he's had enough
Bitola man appears and they blow him up
we then go through a loop through where
it appears that Mike is now on board in
all dimensions they end up doing a gate
jump from the Hell dimension to the more
Hell dimension here's the tow man
confirms his plan has come to fruition
so he no longer has need for any of them
and that he has enough copies of himself
to keep them firing off Rockets forever
we jump back to the home where we
witness a gentle docking of realities
which we hope is actually happening
because if not Reggie does scatter
blasted several civilians they're picked
up by Jody in a heavily modified CUDA
and they ride off in search of guzzoline
they reintroduce the concept of the tall
man hating the cold and resolved to take
their steampunk party up north in his
somewhat baffling amalgamation of
storylines Reggie
takes a snoozer and wakes up dead in the
presence of Jody then he phases through
realities including the one in which he
just died as they ride off toward the
horizon and that was phantasm ravager an
audacious film that seeks to tie up the
phantasm plot lines in a way that pays
service to the requirements of a
constantly changing storyline if you
enjoyed the video I'd love for you
become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching